[Music]
welcome back to let's play alley or
ferris my name is carsten
let's solve some more people's problems
with alchemy
let's see if we can get some stuff
crafted now
alchemy a little too low won't even let
me try
i know in previous ones you could try at
least some of the previous ones
you can try and just have a really low
chance of success but
but we can make tanning fluid what
material should i use
[Applause]
let's uh just throw some things in here
it doesn't really matter i think
uh there and
is this okay sure
[Music]
any of these well that's kind of weird
actually
uh let's put that one
i'll put this there
and put that one there no
that one there
[Music]
i don't think we're gonna get both of
these
okay we'll do the quality one
[Music]
um permeating is what that says
the font needs some extra kerning that
just runs in some craning issues over
there so permeating whatever that does
[Music]
she's pretty good
all right
okay now i should be able to make that
other one
hey i know you're hard at work so i made
you some snacks beerus
here you go
wow thanks i was just thinking about
taking a break
that's good pretty and do your best to
practice alchemy
yeah all right i also brought this
huh what's this it's roast rabbit
your favorite i know that but
that's a little too heavy for a snack
i said that too but
huh nothing you can eat it with your
meal instead
see you later
[Music]
did mom make this for me no
there's no way
[Applause]
of course she did
[Music]
all right made the tanning fluid and
while we're here
[Music]
let's make the solve
there's that one
[Applause]
[Music]
is this a catalyst
and once again we can't get both of them
oh well
actually
[Music]
no none of those are green i was
thinking if one of them was green we
could get the uh
[Music]
well no there's a purple thing though
what's the purple thing
inconspicuous okay
[Music]
we need to check and see what those do
before i trade these away
[Applause]
[Music]
permeating medicine 50 inconspicuous 15.
okay
oh using a thing in alchemy also
there's something i wanted to ask you
yes
what is it
what's wrong it seems like you two get
along really well
what kind of relationship do you have
what kind of relationship that's hard to
answer
she's family and a friend and my teacher
i guess well it's not like we're related
by blood but
that sounds about right
huh teacher wait what do you miss
sophie's teacher
yeah that's right plaza looks younger
so i thought it was the reverse flockta
looks
younger
wait i'm not saying that you don't look
young sophie
right so i look like i'm the older one
now
i guess that's true yes
i don't think that's avoidable
was this a topic i shouldn't have
brought up i need to change the subject
that reminds me can i ask how you two
met
how we met let's see
it all started when i wrote a recipe
into placta
what you wrote a recipe
into plopta
yes i had been carelessly abandoned and
i was just collecting
dust carelessly abandoned
what should i do this seems like
something i shouldn't pry into either
i see anyway i can totally see that you
two get along really well
yep i shouldn't ask about this anymore
[Music]
that makes no sense if you didn't know
plocto was a book
so yeah
okay so now we have
some things to deliver
[Music]
recipe hence updated
[Applause]
i don't know that must be the
um what's it called the
the things that i the the base material
synthesis thingies by mine's blanking
out
[Applause]
and those i might not be able to do
anything about until i can go outside
together some materials there since
those sound like outside materials
okay quest book
[Music]
so we give the dennis and tanning fluid
to
what's her name
thea okay all right
getting things done
[Music]
wait you need tanning fluid
how many do you need just one
okay is this okay
this is tania fluid where did you get
this i made it using alchemy
wow you can even make things like this
with alchemy
hmm maybe i should try it myself anyway
thanks for this ferris
let's have tea sometime i'll see you
again
[Music]
all right if i keep going up i should be
able to finish the elder's assignment
[Music]
huh that's the elder and sophie
what could they be talking about
[Music]
ah ferris i heard you've been working
hard lately
you're building a good reputation around
town
really that makes me happy
anyway what were you two talking about
oh i was just asking whether there were
any alchemists living in this town
alchemists why would you ask that
i told you before about how i'm planning
to take the license exam right
but to take the exam you need letters of
recommendation
indeed only alchemists who have passed
the license exam
are allowed to write one apparently
if you don't have at least three you
can't even apply for the exam
huh sounds pretty hard to take this exam
yeah it's an exam for official
certification after all
they don't make it easy to pass
regardless as i said our town doesn't
have
any resident alchemists
[Music]
i understand thank you very much for
telling me
letters of recommendation huh sounds
like sophie has it tough too
so can i get away with just getting two
and then having sophie
pass and then having her write a third
letter of recommendation for me
uh probably not
let's see where was the other
you're around here right there you are
is this okay
what's this it's pain killing medicine
you said your back was hurting before
uh you went and got this for me sorry
for the trouble
well actually i made it myself so i
can't guarantee that it'll work
what you made this yourself fierce that
must have been hard
if you put that much work into it i'm
sure it'll make my back pain go away
thanks i really mean it
[Music]
i managed to solve a lot of people's
troubles i'm also getting better at
alchemy little by little at this rate
i should be able to finish the
assignment but i can't get complacent
i need to practice alchemy more so i can
eventually go outside
all right
back to the allier i've finished solving
the problems in town for the most part i
think
maybe being able to do things for others
really gives me joy
now then let's return to the atlea for
the time being
all right and it puts me right in front
of the atlear how convenient
okay and they give you 30 days but
we finished in like less than half that
time so don't know what else is going to
happen from here but we'll see
[Music]
oh didn't know i was carrying those
around with me
[Music]
if i keep going like this i think the
elders assignment will be all right i'm
still in the middle point of the
assignments
i'll polish up my alchemy skills so i
won't be in trouble outside
synthesize three times anything will do
okay
[Music]
what should i make
[Applause]
i think i'll make one of each of these
[Music]
[Applause]
what material should i use
[Music]
um
[Applause]
[Music]
sure
material set
[Music]
all right it's going well is this okay
yeah that's fine
i came over to clean up
huh clean up that's okay
i do that every day i'm sorry
i'm really bad at cleaning so she's
always doing it instead
no it's okay it's nothing i'll clean for
you anytime
i'm really sorry about that but thanks
anyway there you have it leah you don't
need to clean up
[Music]
whew that should do it
you're already finished i'd expect no
less from leah
she works fast
[Music]
this is wonderful there's not a single
speck of dust
despite such a short time spent
[Music]
cleaning up is a hobby of mine anyway
i'll get going now
oh she left she really only came to
clean up
she brings snacks and cleans up lyanna
really is a reliable person
that's right although i slack off a lot
thanks to her
i think it's fine my childhood friend
cleaned up for me too
sophie this is a good opportunity to
tell you
you're rather undisciplined yourself
you leave your clothes lying around and
don't put away books after reading them
that's why your room ends up messy
furthermore you're always
ah there she goes again sorry ferris
but this might take a while
are you listening to me sophie you
really need to start acting your age
[Music]
all right got one item down uh
neutralizer that's what they are
which one is your b for blue i guess
all right next step we'll make another
what should i make hmm
[Applause]
interesting these five water
pretty ball catalyst
[Music]
um
interesting
[Music]
[Applause]
well actually let's make another one of
these
and then we'll make and they're trying
to solve
[Music]
what material should i use
um
[Music]
these have oh
all right well we'll just uh
use some of these
[Music]
i want to be able to rotate things
actually that one let's do this
[Applause]
[Music]
i don't think it really matters that
much
uh sure is this okay
[Music]
oh it's interesting that the thing that
it goes into went up too
ferris are you thinking about something
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah it's about this outlier
it's a lot bigger than it appears from
the outside
ah yeah that's right
you said this is because of alchemy too
but what kind of alchemy does it take to
make something like this
it's quite difficult to explain how
could
we say it in an understandable fashion
let's see i guess saying that
it's creating a quasi-four-dimensional
space would be too hard to understand
of course you need to explain it in
simple terms
hmm to put it simply we're bending space
with alchemy
i guess i see
i don't really get it but i understand
that it's amazing
[Music]
don't worry you'll be able to do
something like this before you know it
first
really it doesn't feel that way
all right i guess we're getting a cut
scene after each of them
[Music]
and why can't i not make that i need
another plant
[Music]
um
[Applause]
okay fine i'll make one of these
[Music]
[Applause]
what would be best
[Music]
hmm
let's do that
okay so how can i get all these to fit
in
[Music]
materials okay i guess that works all
right
didn't get another level though oh well
let's uh go ahead and see the next cut
scene
[Music]
please you must help me
elder you look like you're in a panic
i'm guessing something major happened
however
you won't be able to explain it properly
in such a state
please calm down for now
i can't calm down at this rate my secret
stash
will huh
secret stash
[Applause]
yes ever since getting married been
saving a portion of what little pocket
money i'm given
i secretly buried it in a tunnel where
nobody would ever find it
but while poonie have started living
there
i can't go and dig it up
i see i didn't know you were doing
something like that elder as you can see
i'm old they may just be poonie
but i doubt i could beat them without
injury
but if left like this i'll never be able
to dig up my stash
please ferris could you go and defeat
those accursed wild poonie for me
sure i don't mind but
i'm not too confident about being able
to beat puny myself
that's you could use the power of
alchemy to do that
you say it like it's easy
anyway please take care of it
i'll be leaving now
[Music]
wait holder
he forced this onto me
well this could be considered someone's
troubles too
do your best they may just be puny
but they're still monsters you should
fully prepare before going
um yes
to use land run battle you must equip it
first
group item select item equipped from the
main menu in the atlea you can
find those from the container elsewhere
you can only equip those in the basket
and equip maximum of 10 items everybody
in your party can use equipped items
okay
well that's good so it's not as long as
they're equipped at all anyone can use
them i don't have to worry about
who has a particular item that's good
to coupon items select the space for you
to equip it and press x
you can move an item for strangle
okay
[Music]
all right so good item equipped
let's just go with that
yeah see look at the status that looks
like a dragon ball with a rune on it
instead of a number
so
[Music]
[Applause]
let's go to quest book and next up
you came to the end looking really
serious turns out he can't dig up a
secret stash
because there's some wild pony the elder
is such a crybaby but a problem is a
problem
so i must solve it all right
let's uh go get into some fights with
the poonie
[Music]
[Applause]
all right and that is way
the heck down there let's just skip to
the mining ward entrance and save a
little bit of
real time
okay back this way
[Music]
so that's the like the uh
lighting effect that that does i should
grab a plant while i'm here
that's not a plant is it back this way
i should go south actually
will you get me a plant
[Music]
those plants are useful
oh okay i can't go through that way
[Music]
all right back this way there should
be a battle
this is the place the elder mentioned
uh would you like to be the tutorial for
battle yes i would
it's always a little bit different in
each one
now last enemies take turns performing
actions see the turnover on the right
it can change depending on what you do
[Music]
okay that's pretty basic they're really
here
i'm a little scared but i can't lose
what kind of rock pootie thing we have
to do
oh well that's great
um they're supposed to use alchemy for
it
let's just uh throw a bomb at it stone
putty
three hp
skills what skills do i have
[Music]
okay
oh that was it okay
[Music]
i did it i won maybe i'm
actually really strong yes was
most impressive
elter you are watching
yes from beginning to end
i was a little worried after all
huh you were concerned about me
[Applause]
[Music]
anyway
ah it's safe my precious stash
[Music]
um were you worried about the stash than
me
[Music]
of course even crossed my mind that
you'd lose to mere poonie now
ferris and here i was feeling moved
you big idiot
[Applause]
why are you so angry wait calm down
anyway you really helped me this is your
reward
please take it
[Music]
i'm still not happy about this
still your alchemy has really improved
yes you should be fine
virus there's something i wish to
discuss with you
could you return to your atlea for now
something to discuss okay
i understand good i'll see you in a
little while
what could the elder want to tell me
oh well i'll just go back to the outlier
for now
[Music]
all right
recipe hence updated right so i defeated
the puny the owner dug out the secret
stash and went home
but he did say he has something he wants
to talk about
maybe i'll return to the outlier and
wait as he told me to
all right and
we want to check where he is
and we have a recipe idea for a
bigger bomb
okay
let's uh
grab some more of these things
some new stuff but i can't do anything
with this but maybe look at it
struck his fingers for being too hard to
break it's probably impossible for me
right now
[Music]
yeah i can't even squeeze by there i
should be able to
all right let's uh let's get back to the
front of the house
[Music]
there is oh i should get more water
while i'm thinking of it
[Music]
useful thing to have
sorry for the wait
hunter what did you want to talk about
hold on before that sophie
there's something i wish to ask you
please be honest
what do you think about ferris's alchemy
skills
i think she's improved a huge amount in
such a short time
hmm i see first
do you remember your assignment
yes of course to solve the town's
troubles using alchemy
right
indeed you've done more than enough
you've passed the assignment
serious as you wished are you to pass
beyond the door
i i did it
[Music]
i did it i really did it i can go
outside now
yeah you worked really hard beerus
yes congratulations
yeah thank you
uh i hate to interrupt but there's one
thing
i forgot to mention you're allowed to
pass beyond the door
but only for a limited time
[Music]
huh what
why what do you mean a limited time
that's not what you promised
ever since you stopped working our
mining
output has declared we'll be in trouble
at this rate
that's why you can only go outside for a
limited time
[Music]
understand
way can't you do something about that
don't make a face like that it hurts my
heart
well let's see i
know if you become an alchemist who can
pass the license examination that sophie
mentioned
then you'll be permitted to stay outside
for as long as you wish
although i realize this is nearly
impossible
really
[Music]
it's really okay for me to stay outside
if i pass the exam
well uh that's you meant
it right uh
yes i understand i promise
if you can pass the next license
examination
i won't ask you to return to town
however if you don't pass
you must return to this town without
question
do you understand
yeah i got it no problem
[Music]
regardless of the matter i'm sending an
overseer with you
come in
leah
[Music]
the elder asked me to do this he wants
me to watch you
every moment from morning until night
i never said that much i simply
asked you to watch over her to make sure
she
isn't just fooling around oh
is that so
anyway lyanna is accustomed to fighting
and she knows the lay of the land
i'm sure having her with you will be
most reassuring
yeah i get to go on a journey with leah
i'm looking forward to it
[Music]
yes i feel the same way ferris
good good that concludes our business
here
excuse us
things got a little weird
[Music]
oh you're right still
you should be happy there may be a time
limit but
you get to travel outside furthermore
that time limit is void if you pass the
license examination
you just need to work hard
that's right i got it i'll definitely
pass that exam
yeah that's the spirit seeing how much
you've grown already
shouldn't be impossible you have my
support ferris
oh thanks
i got my map my handkerchief all right
i'm all set beerus
so you finally get to go outside
tomorrow
yeah i'm so excited
i bet i won't be able to sleep i see
hey maybe you should go and see your
parents before leaving
it's fine i'm sure they're just going to
complain anyway
i don't care about those two
[Music]
you see we've got an early date tomorrow
so
rest up good night beerus
yeah good night miss sophie
ferris i found a pretty stone i'll make
a hair
ornament for you
okay ferris tonight's dinner is your
favorite roast rabbit eat up
you fell but you didn't cry
you're such a strong girl theorist
you need to take care of your hair
ferris you're a girl too
go on
fearless and i hate you
both
who cares what they think
thank you very much for all your help
oh no i should be the one thanking you
i'm grateful for all you've done for
fearous
ferris are you looking for something
no it's nothing
[Music]
i'm opening the gate
be careful out there
yeah i'll be off
do your best make sure to eat properly
ferris are you okay with this
[Music]
huh is it really okay
are we really not going what could we
say
after all this
[Music]
i guess you're right
ferris why are you here
because i'm leaving
fearless
take care i'll be going now
[Applause]
[Music]
um
[Laughter]
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
me
[Applause]
[Music]
the big blue sky where's the stretch as
far as the eye can see
i'm really walking outside
huh just now do you mean the wind
so that was wind i've heard about that
wind travels around the world right
i want to become the wind i want to
travel the world
just like the wind
she seems to be in good spirits yes
she's yearned for the outside world for
all this time after all
i'm sure she can't contain her happiness
[Music]
you seem to be pretty happy too lyanna
you it's like a dream that i get to
travel with fears
[Music]
lyanna it's good that you're coming
along
what do you mean by that
first liana
yeah what is it
we are thinking about splitting up with
you two here
huh what why
did i do something bad
that's not it i decided this with
plaqueta for your sake
furis you've already learned the basics
of alchemy
to grow further you need more experience
and insight
in other words you need to try lots more
things
that's why we figured we would just get
in the way if we were around
[Music]
that's not true without you i
no you'll be fine now first don't you
realize already
you managed to come outside with your
own effort
okay yeah
thank you for everything up until now
hey wait you don't need to cry it's not
like we'll never see each other again
exactly do you see this path ferris
yeah i see it if you follow this path
you'll eventually city called reisenberg
that's where the license examination is
held in other words
it's our common destination
[Music]
that means yep we're aiming for the same
place
so we'll see each other again so don't
cry
we need to part with a smile okay
okay yeah
that's the fairest i know anyway
wait this is your applier
is it really okay
yeah don't worry about me you should
take this ferris
you've given me so much i feel like i'm
always too reliant on you
it's fine to rely on me i'm your teacher
after all
fears anyway
we should get going see you two again
take care i look forward to seeing you
become a great alchemist
he'll definitely meet again
they've left yeah
but he won't cry anymore to see them
again
and to pass the exam we head to
risenberg
let's go
[Music]
this is a very rugged place well that
was a whole heck of a lot of cutscenes
um let's
see
can i find a save point
um there's a little thing up here
[Music]
what's that oh that's a campfire good
timing ferris let's set up the atlear
here
a campfire means other travelers took
rest at the spot
that means it's safer than other places
we shouldn't have to worry about being
attacked by monsters here
oh i see i got it i'll set it up right
away
as you travel around the field you'll
find campfires left by travelers
you can put up your atlear by pressing
exit campfire
the atlear is your home base during your
journey so you should put up your atlear
when you see a campfire
all right
that we will take a look at
[Music]
hey you must be tired since we're here
why not rest for a while
huh i'm still fine i can still walk so
let's keep moving
nope if you don't risk well you can
you'll end up collapsing got that
[Music]
um sure just because
otherwise we won't see it at all
here's a stat called lp lp is consumed
as she takes actions in the field
his lp falls various bad effects can
occur such as finding less materials
while gathering
up here covers a little when you perform
synthesis but resting in bed is a very
efficient way to recover
to rest in bed press select rest for a
detailed explanation about lp in bed
check
help okay
well it's up to you what to do but i
think it's better to rest for now
i think it is better
oh yeah i got my uh the bgm
uh pack there's apparently some other
stuff
that you some other dlc that's available
right now if you bought it digitally but
i did not buy it digitally i bought it
physically so i'm hoping that we can get
that later
then i probably won't be changing the
bgm
i might kind of skim through it but
[Music]
neutralizer r and where is my save point
there it is
okay well that was a lot of long cut
scenes
a lot longer episode than i planned but
uh i hope you did enjoy
uh hopefully i won't have to edit out
that song in the middle
uh you'll obviously know by now whether
i had to
but uh youtube will tell me
but i hope you enjoy thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play out your
fears my name is karsten
boy those cut scenes last episode sure
went on forever and ever
now let's see next up
[Music]
we have
a reason i want new recipes together
things that could be materials
let's take a little nap with the atlea
from now on
try using it a traveler's campfire five
times we'll get to that
and
follow the road okay
what's my lp at 100. she's a little
[Music]
okay
well there's no sense in resting right
now let's make sure that i
don't have anything i can't check my
basket here
all right well let's go gather up some
materials that was dangerous
oh a person
monsters they turned into a puni
that's okay i'll protect you
when fierce is about to be attacked
other characters can shield her
system is called support card you've
seen this in the previous games
sport guard can be used as long as fears
is targeted whether by single attacks or
area attacks
using a support guard will prevent
damage to ferris however using a support
card also consumes the chain burst gauge
be aware of the chain burst gauge and
make sure you can still use it at final
times
okay
[Music]
we have to do it oh no a puni
all right let's uh what skills do you
have first aid and thousand shot
i don't think we need to bother with
that for a blue poonie
especially since she's going to get
another attack
she's a bow that's cool
it's over are you hurt oh i'm fine
but wow you're so strong lia i really
admire that
and thanks the monsters here aren't too
strong anyway
just get used to battles little by
little ferris
[Music]
when fighting alongside allies you can
perform powerful chain attacks
as you attack enemies chain burst gauge
on the left screen fills up
when the gauge is full powerful chain
attacks become available to use
activates automatically when two
conditions are filled
chain burst is active and two or more
allies have consecutive turns
[Music]
during such situations you can set
consecutive actions for lsd is
as long as you select actions that
target the enemy a chain attack
activates
and activates the chosen actions are
performed one after another an increase
in power
okay that's a little bit different
this linkage rate could vary depending
on the actions used to try various
different combinations
that's a little bit different
let's defeat one each of green pony
elixir and the horn rabbit okay
[Music]
a lot of medicine for travel if you
don't mind could you share some no doc
with me
[Music]
don't possess the item
okay well i can make that
i think
all right oh it automatically puts me
inside that's convenient
all right so can i make the no doc yes i
can
what material should i use
is that and that
oh what's that hundred quality one doing
there
uh we'll just use that one
[Applause]
and some of let's start their
set material set
this goes here this goes here here
and there we go
easy enough
did that level up or something
[Music]
level yep well i leveled up there but
i'm at the
no doc stuff
[Music]
you're working hard it seems practicing
alchemy
that's right i still have a ways to go
as an alchemist all i can do is keep
piling on experience
how admirable but fierce is it really
okay
there's smoke coming out of the cauldron
well you're right oh no um i'm like this
i should
[Music]
she has the will but her skills have a
long way to go
yeah what little four or five alchemy
something like that
alchemy level five
all right let's go back out here and
give that guy a no doc
this is a very rugged place we should
take frequent breaks
oh yep here you go
[Music]
is this okay oh
in exchange for the medicine i'll give
you these bombs
moms are helpful in fighting monsters
yes they are
all right
yes it does came up with a new recipe
[Music]
all right let's see let's use
let's go ahead and use that bomb on them
[Music]
well that was easy now i can go even
further
treasure come to me
[Music]
defeat pony and gather three blue green
puny balls okay
there's like a zillion little quests
here
[Music]
wow it got completely dark
yeah it's already night innertona even
nights didn't get this stark did they
and you need to be careful too there are
some monsters that get more active at
night too
also there are some things you can only
gather at night the differences are like
night and day is that so
i'm starting to get excited but i won't
allow you to stay up too late
make sure to get some sleep at night
okay okay
time passes when you take various
actions in the field six time periods
are early morning morning day
evening night and late night and have
various effects
for example since night is dark it gets
harder to explore but some enemies and
gathering points are night only
since some enemies you get and
gatherable items are only available at
certain times
try exploring at various times
all right
let's see oh a ghost i don't know if i
want to fight one of them right now
such flowy sand i need to make sure it
doesn't blow away in the wind
what was the other thing i needed to
fight for the um
quest let's see what's this
using the mining bomb on a monster
get through the ponies and elix room
that's the other thing i need to beat
oh let's see can i put
[Music]
oh no that's i know that's what i need
let's put one of those in there
gathered it
there's a pony where's elix room
don't know where those are or what they
look like
[Music]
but i need to fight puny anyway so come
here okay
let's do our best oh that's just a
regular pony not going to waste the bomb
on that
[Music]
decent hunting practice i guess
all right i don't think i want to fight
you right now
[Music]
he has a little skull and crossbones on
the map so
uh how about no
green pony
[Music]
yeah just one green pony
[Applause]
oh green queenies are tougher
[Music]
not much tougher decent hunting practice
i guess
[Music]
wait so i need to get three blue and
three green
i thought it said orr
[Music]
we can toy around with them
green ones are definitely marginally
tougher
[Music]
all right well i will get those at some
point there's another rabbit
i wonder if he's grouped with anything
interesting
like maybe one of those shrooms i'm
supposed to fight nope just solo
[Music]
slip damage what does slip damage do
are you hurt no that's good now i can go
even further
bountiful oasis
[Music]
let's collect three drinking waters okay
presumably that's over here
there's a turtle over there
okay another poonie and a turtle let's
uh
try using this item since we have to do
it for a quest anyway
is that hitting both of them i'm not
sure
i don't know if that is that definitely
is though
[Music]
well that was
one shoddy treasure
come to me
[Music]
let's try using mining well let's go
report to the traveling merchant
okay wow
what is this i'll go back to them in a
minute
go ahead and gather up that issue
the water
there's another turtle over there
another turtle over there
these things are new
some of those uh uni things
[Music]
having leah at level 10 does make this a
little easy but i guess
that's fine these games
especially in the beginning aren't meant
to be super hardcore or anything
that looks like one of those shroom
things i'm supposed to fight
[Music]
a little bit tougher
they're level eight i see
[Music]
fearless are you hurt no that's good
now i can go even further got another
level
what's my lp at lp is at 64. that issue
okay let me just check real quick
on quests
[Music]
yellow flower princess grass and tan
so you still need princess grass and ton
still need another blue puny ball
[Music]
and i got the cotton so
let's find see if we can spot a blue
puny on our way back to him
wait is this yeah i'm going the right
direction okay
is this just water
yeah right over here
there's a chest we got princess grass
grab this i feel like i'm getting a bit
of insight
i found a campfire maybe i should like
to draw water from the oasis but the
desert turtles are in the way i can
handle the pony but those turtles look
pretty strong
and what do you want defeat three desert
turtles we will do that after we rest
i'm gonna go talk to what's this name
again
ah this looks promising what are these
i'll take this oh that's just more of
those
okay
[Music]
sure i'll find the tawn eventually
decent hunting practice i guess
that's puny fluid but i need the
other stuff
this is a plant what does it have i'm
getting a little tired
but i'm still fine
[Music]
[Applause]
drop one of those blue things so i can
finish up that quest
no
[Music]
what do you have that's not what i
wanted
how about you
finally so that quest is done
that's done yep it is now how about you
yeah what'd you think wasn't it much
easier to fight monsters thanks to the
bomb's help
medicine and bombs will help you in all
sorts of ways keep a good supply of them
both as you continue your travels well i
think that's about everything i have to
share is your big brother
currently gathering stone cold spirit
stone in this area but i'm not having
much luck at the moment
if you're going to be staying in this
area for a while too i'd be grateful if
you helped me look
we will uh keep that in mind
[Music]
returning a favor
okay um just for variety let's go to
that other
that other uh campfire to rest at
[Music]
there it is and what's that
silvery thing oh that's just my pointer
okay
[Music]
let's try crafting some of the new stuff
that'll make my lp go up
as well
explorer's lantern that sounds promising
i think i just came up with something
amazing
i should make it right away yes we
should
[Music]
yeah what does the explorer's lantern
can't make it need a toner crystal and
metal well
[Music]
let's go ahead and make one of these
what would be best
it's two of these
[Music]
um
let's do that these have interesting
traits now
[Music]
[Applause]
and what about here
[Music]
okay what's that toner crystal
apparently i need more of this
um
[Music]
i'll do yeah we'll do that one
sure is this okay which catalyst should
i eat okay
let's start catalyst which catalyst
oh let's see what's that do slice plus
two and trait transfer interesting
okay but we won't do that for right now
[Music]
i'll put this
[Applause]
piercing damage and sticking thorns
got another no not quite
well that reminds me if i recall you
need
three letters of recommendation to take
the exam
that is a recommendation so where do you
obtain them
[Music]
apparently alchemists who pass the
license and jam can write them
but i wonder where they could be
[Applause]
well alchemists are still people so i
doubt they'd be in hard to reach places
it might be best to try visiting various
settlements to check
i see i guess that's all we've got to go
by all right let's take it one step at a
time
to take the license exam you require at
least three letters of recommendation
letters recommendation can be obtained
from licensed alchemists
first you must start by searching for
licensed alchemists
you should thoroughly prepare be ready
for any assignment
okay
lp's up to 55.
[Music]
um we need more
tona crystals i wonder if i should go
back to urtona and look for him
[Applause]
what material should i use
[Music]
let's just make one of these for
just to get some xp um
we're gonna be fighting some more
turtles speed of skanda
well that's a weird one is this okay
which catalyst should i use
okay let's start i'll put this here
[Music]
now let's see can i even
[Applause]
i wonder if i could do it this way
[Music]
yeah i guess i can do the size one but
not the uh
not the quality one with the shape of
these things
at least i don't think i could
no i couldn't
[Music]
all right let me get some cloth
excuse me are you travelers
and if we are no need to be so defensive
i merely wish to ask something have you
ever seen a skeleton monster that's
dressed like a knight
a skeleton like a knight no sorry we
have it
very well forget it by the way that
cauldron
[Music]
are you by chance an alchemist
um yes i am i see
then can you fix this is this some kind
of key
it's broken yes it's apparently very old
by the time i acquired it was it was
already broken
so what do you think can you fix it
um i think i'll be able to i see
then i'll leave it to you
hmm what hey he left
what's with that guy suddenly barging in
and leaving behind a key without
explanation
i don't know but he's counting on me i
better fix this key
all right okay good i can already
try to fix it let's give that a shot
some strange man with a scary or a
suddenly came into my atlear he left me
a broken key blackened with rust well
since he's requested me to fix this i
should do it let's fix it with alchemy
and i can no i can't
[Music]
i need to get an ingot and metal
i need to get more toner crystals and
metal
so i need metal
let's fight some turtles this is
interesting
actually i'm doing 73 lp okay yeah
that's fine to fight some turtles
okay let's do our best
[Music]
easy enough no that's good
one
and two come here quit running away
[Music]
these things are having a level 10
character this early
and she's not all powerful but
it saves a little bit of early grind i
think
[Music]
are you hurt no that's good
i might need to give her some hp in a
minute
let's see how this goes lunchtime
lunchtime
look at this lunch
[Music]
okay let's do our best i wonder if any
of these crystals will give me what i
need
let's try that skill i won't let you get
away it's an aoe skill
[Music]
okay
and you do that skill
[Music]
oh it keeps going oh yeah i did read
that description i forgot
okay maybe
that's updated
that's not glowing
[Music]
all right let's just grab these rocks
here
anything nighttime special
just be careful where you step oh she
leaves at night
well that's annoying hey what's this
[Music]
that's interesting
i wonder if any of these give the
stone that i need
or if i do have to go back to artona for
that
[Music]
yeah i wonder if the encyclopedia tells
me
parched plains says it's in the parched
plains
[Music]
that is where we are right parched
plains okay
so in theory it should be found
somewhere around here
maybe over there
well that's interesting looking ah
glowing now that that's not well
it's next to it let's see
now
guided by brilliance
you can hear the voices of oars which
means if i put my heart into it i may be
able to extract lots of wars i get a
feeling there are many buried inside
that hard looking crystal
oh i don't need to fight you help i need
to fight there though
[Music]
sorry for my dog barking
okay yeah she needs to get healed
[Music]
one sec
all right um
[Music]
let's see let's have her just do first
aid herself
and you do stone shot
[Music]
are you hurt no that's good
now i can go even further ethercure was
learned
tired all right um
[Music]
okay i'm gonna use that in battle
um
[Music]
so let's use that on her
flame gaze that don't sound good
[Music]
okay go ahead and you can't do any of
that okay well i guess we're just going
to
attack uh i use a bomb i guess
[Music]
and one more
all right item let's use that bomb again
make them might as well use them last
curse he's almost dead anyway
decent hunting practice i guess
oh maybe okay
yes thanks you're a lifesaver i tried to
gather some of the
earth tonight around here all these
monsters came at me suddenly
watching a fight just now i can tell you
must be an alchemist in that case
could you use bombs or pickaxes to break
this rock and collect air tonight i'll
repay you of course
uh yes we will do that um
we will uh we will do that next time
because we've been going about a half an
hour it's what i generally aim for okay
so let's go ahead and end it here we got
a bunch of quests to deal with
a bunch of stuff together and a cutscene
wind blows around the world like a
traveler even as the sun and moon set
and countless stars fall
[Music]
oh he brought that with you
of course i really love this book stuff
about the outside is written in it
i was always so excited to read reading
it back
in town it's pretty worn out did you
really
read it that many times yeah so many
that i lost count
i see i'm happy you like it so much
actually i really like that book too
[Music]
oh that's right you gave this book to me
yep i read that book and yearned for the
world outside before becoming a hunter
brings back memories then let's read it
together
i'm sure it would be more fun than
reading alone you're right
then i'll take you up on that offer
okay and let's start the beginning
all right so we got a
bunch of stuff to do around here in this
area
i'm not sure if we should how much of
this we should be doing right away now
and how much we should be putting off
till later
if there's limits on any of these or
what but
it's certainly giving us plenty of stuff
to do
but for right now i hope you're enjoying
thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play atlee or
ferris my name is carsten
i think we need to do something about
our lp being low
and we should probably craft a few
things as well to work on our alchemy
level
and you are standing back here what do
you have to say leah
furious are you hungry are you hurt
anywhere
are you okay oh
okay so that's how we can put people in
and out of our party once we have enough
to do that
what should i make still need to get
some more tona crystals
[Music]
probably could stand to make another
bomb
what material should i use
let's see can we uh
[Music]
where's sort oh there we go sort by
quality
let's do that
[Music]
and i guess we'll do that one
and that one that's quality a hundred
i'm
hesitant to use that though
you really use one of these ones that is
uh
red though
maybe that one because it's another plus
[Music]
okay now the question is how will we be
able to make it
with all these no
[Music]
if we do we have anything else that will
let us that will but it's purple
any of these any different shape no
well i guess we'll have to go without
[Music]
okay let's start
[Applause]
maybe we can do sides i don't know that
that's gonna
do anything useful but why not
since i don't see a way
for us to get the uh
the quality one with what we have
[Music]
is this the best way we do have inflix
burns and smoking and fire damage large
[Music]
this is fine
oh one almost at the next alchemy level
let's make another no doc and then
making our tone itself
[Music]
i think we'll just go for quality here
[Applause]
since we're gonna be putting it in
something else
but not that hundred one that's a little
overkill do that one
wait these are pretty good quality is
this okay
catalyst which catalyst yeah what's that
gonna do size plus two and trait
transfer not worried about those
that one's there
actually let's put that one there
right there no we're not going to be
able to get all the way over there but
no no way we'd be able to make it we
could get kind of close
is this okay
sure that's good pretty good
i'm pretty good at making this now oh
now we got skillet
trade chance for plus one horizontal
flip and use count plus one oh
so when we're making that it's
the flipping and probably rotating comes
by leveling up
individual item recipes not by getting
better cauldrons
[Music]
interesting
okay let's go ahead and make that our
tone of salve
what was the quality on that 74 okay
all right and nothing
blue but we got some red
[Music]
i'm kind of tempted to use these but
alstead enhance mp enhance those are
too good to waste on something like this
i think
we'll just do that
[Music]
maybe throw in another purple to
do something with that maybe
[Music]
sure
is this okay not sure what inconspicuous
does
oh it's a component thing
[Music]
so instead of that
let's use that
that gets mp recovery as well
[Applause]
and that's blue
that one is green yeah
now we won't be able to get it up there
so
[Music]
maybe if we hmm
we don't want to reset everything uh
let's see
yeah we'll just go ahead and use this
i'm sure we'll get more of those later
[Music]
and
let's see what are we gonna actually
let's start with
this now we'll do that second
go ahead and put this here
[Music]
and that
i don't know how much the order matters
on these
[Music]
yeah i don't think we're going to be
able to hit both of these not that it
really matters
actually let's
put that one down here